MTN update readme (#40)
benchopt/benchmark_bilevel: README.rst

*Results can be consulted on https://benchopt.github.io/results/benchmark_bilevel.html*

> BenchOpt is a package to simplify, and make more transparent, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BenchOpt is a package to simplify, make more transparent, and
```

reproducible the comparisons of optimization algorithms.
This benchmark is dedicated to solvers for bilevel optimization:

$$\\min_{x} f(x, z^*(x)) \\quad \\text{with} \\quad z^*(x) = \\arg\\min_z g(x, z), $$

> where $g$, and $f$ are two functions of two variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where $g$ and $f$ are two functions of two variables.
```

Different problems
------------------

This benchmark currently implements three bilevel optimization problems: quadratic problem, regularization selection, and hyper data cleaning.

> 1 - Simulated bilevel problem
> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1 - Simulated quadratic bilevel problem
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

> In this problem, the inner, and the outer functions are quadritics functions defined of $\\mathbb{R}^{d\\times p}$

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this problem, the inner and the outer functions are quadratic functions defined of $\\mathbb{R}^{d\\times p}$
```

where $H_i^z, \\tilde H_j^z$ are symmetric positive definite matrices of size $p\\times p$, $H_j^x, \\tilde H_j^x$ are symmetric positive definite matrices of size $d\\times d$, $C_i, \\tilde C_j$ are matrices of size $d\\times p$, $c_i$, $\\tilde c_j$ are vectors of size $d$, and $d_i, \\tilde d_j$ are vectors of size $p$.

The matrices $H_i^z, H_i^x, \\tilde H_j^z, \\tilde H_j^x$ are generated randomly such that the eigenvalues of $\\frac1n\\sum_i H_i^z$ are between ``mu_inner``, and ``L_inner_inner``, the eigenvalues of $\\frac1n\\sum_i H_i^x$ are between ``mu_inner``, and ``L_inner_outer``, the eigenvalues of $\\frac1m\\sum_j \\tilde H_j^z$ are between ``mu_inner``, and ``L_outer_inner``, and the eigenvalues of $\\frac1m\\sum_j \\tilde H_j^x$ are between ``mu_inner``, and ``L_outer_outer``.

The matrices $C_i, \\tilde C_j$ are generated randomly such that the spectral norm of $\\frac1n\\sum_i C_i$ is lower than ``L_cross_inner``, and the spectral norm of $\\frac1m\\sum_j \\tilde C_j$ is lower than ``L_cross_outer``.

> Note that in this setting, the solution of the inner problem is a linear system. Moreover, the full batch inner and outer functions can be cheaply computed by storing the average of the Hessian matrices. Thus, the value function can be cheaply evaluated in closed form in medium dimension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in this setting, the solution to the inner problem is a linear system.
As, the full batch inner and outer functions can be computed efficiently directly with the average Hessian matrices, the value function can be evaluated in closed form.
```

Different problems
------------------

This benchmark currently implements three bilevel optimization problems: quadratic problem, regularization selection, and hyper data cleaning.

1 - Simulated quadratic bilevel problem
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> In this problem, the inner and the outer functions are quadritics functions defined of $\\mathbb{R}^{d\\times p}$

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this problem, the inner and the outer functions are quadratic functions defined of $\\mathbb{R}^{d\\times p}$
```

$$g(x, z) = \\frac{1}{n}\\sum_{i=1}^n \\frac{1}{2} z^\\top H_i^z z + \\frac{1}{2} x^\\top H_i^x x + x^\\top C_i z + c_i^\\top z + d_i^\\top x$$

and

$$f(x, z) = \\frac{1}{m} \\sum_{j=1}^m \\frac{1}{2} z^\\top \\tilde H_j^z z + \\frac{1}{2} x^\\top \\tilde H_j^x x + x^\\top \\tilde C_j z + \\tilde c_j^\\top z + \\tilde d_j^\\top x$$

where $H_i^z, \\tilde H_j^z$ are symmetric positive definite matrices of size $p\\times p$, $H_j^x, \\tilde H_j^x$ are symmetric positive definite matrices of size $d\\times d$, $C_i, \\tilde C_j$ are matrices of size $d\\times p$, $c_i$, $\\tilde c_j$ are vectors of size $d$, and $d_i, \\tilde d_j$ are vectors of size $p$.

> The matrices $H_i^z, H_i^x, \\tilde H_j^z, \\tilde H_j^x$ are generated randomly such that the eigenvalues of $\\frac1n\\sum_i H_i^z$ are between ``mu_inner``, and ``L_inner_inner``, the eigenvalues of $\\frac1n\\sum_i H_i^x$ are between ``mu_inner``, and ``L_inner_outer``, the eigenvalues of $\\frac1m\\sum_j \\tilde H_j^z$ are between ``mu_inner``, and ``L_outer_inner``, and the eigenvalues of $\\frac1m\\sum_j \\tilde H_j^x$ are between ``mu_inner``, and ``L_outer_outer``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The matrices $H_i^z, H_i^x, \\tilde H_j^z, \\tilde H_j^x$ are randomly generated such that the eigenvalues of $\\frac1n\\sum_i H_i^z$ are between ``mu_inner``, and ``L_inner_inner``, the eigenvalues of $\\frac1n\\sum_i H_i^x$ are between ``mu_inner``, and ``L_inner_outer``, the eigenvalues of $\\frac1m\\sum_j \\tilde H_j^z$ are between ``mu_inner``, and ``L_outer_inner``, and the eigenvalues of $\\frac1m\\sum_j \\tilde H_j^x$ are between ``mu_inner``, and ``L_outer_outer``.
```

The matrices $C_i, \\tilde C_j$ are generated randomly such that the spectral norm of $\\frac1n\\sum_i C_i$ is lower than ``L_cross_inner``, and the spectral norm of $\\frac1m\\sum_j \\tilde C_j$ is lower than ``L_cross_outer``.

Note that in this setting, the solution of the inner problem is a linear system.

> As, the full batch inner and outer functions can be computed efficiently directly with the average Hessian matrices, the value function can be evaluated in closed form. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As, the full batch inner and outer functions can be computed efficiently with the average Hessian matrices,
the value function is evaluated in closed form. 
```

*Homepage : https://archive.ics.uci.edu/dataset/31/covertype*

> This is a logistic regression problem, where the data is of the form $d_i = (a_i, y_i)$ with  $a_i\\in\\mathbb{R}^p$ are the features, and $y_i=\\pm1$ is the binary target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a logistic regression problem, where the data is of the form $d_i = (a_i, y_i)$ with  $a_i\\in\\mathbb{R}^p$ are the features and $y_i=\\pm1$ is the binary target.
```

*Homepage : https://www.openml.org/search?type=data&sort=runs&id=1575&status=active*

> This is a multicalss logistic regression problem, where the data is of the form $d_i = (a_i, y_i)$ with  $a_i\\in\\mathbb{R}^p$ are the features, and $y_i\\in \\{1,\\dots, k\\}$ is the integer target, with k the number of classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a multicalss logistic regression problem, where the data is of the form $d_i = (a_i, y_i)$ with  $a_i\\in\\mathbb{R}^p$ are the features and $y_i\\in \\{1,\\dots, k\\}$ is the integer target, with k the number of classes.
```

For this problem, the loss is $\\ell(d_i, z) = \\text{CrossEntropy}(za_i, y_i)$ where $z$ is now a k x p matrix. The regularization is given by 
$$\\mathcal{R}(x, z) = \\frac12\\sum_{j=1}^k\\exp(x_j)\\|z_j\\|^2,$$
each line in $z$ is independently regularized with the strength $\\exp(x_j)$.

3 - Hyper data cleaning
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This problem was first introduced by [Fra2017]_ .
In this problem, the data is the MNIST dataset.

> The training set has been corrupted: with a probability $p$, the label of the image $y\\in\\{1,\\dots,10\\}$ is replaced by another random label between 1, and 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The training set has been corrupted: with a probability $p$, the label of the image $y\\in\\{1,\\dots,10\\}$ is replaced by another random label between 1 and 10.
```

   $ benchopt run benchmark_bilevel --config config/X.yml

where ``X.yml`` is a config file. See https://benchopt.github.io/index.html#run-a-benchmark for an example of a config file. This will possibly launch a huge grid search. When available, you can rather use the file ``X_best_params.yml`` in order to launch an experiment with a single set of parameters for each solver.

Use ``benchopt run -h`` for more details about these options, or visit https://benchopt.github.io/api.html.

How to contribute to the benchmark?
-----------------------------------

> If you think that a solver is missing, or if you want to add a new problem, feel free to open a pull request or an issue!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to add a solver or a new problem, you are welcome to open an issue or submit a pull request!
```
